Update Chronograf OAuth options (#2773)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/chronograf/v1.9/administration/managing-security.md

(For more details on OAuth and JWT, see [RFC 6749](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749) and [RFC 7519](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519).)

{{% note %}}
#### OAuth PKCE 
OAuth configurations in **Chronograf 1.9+** use [OAuth PKCE](https://oauth.net/2/pkce/)

> integrations for a more secure OAuth token exchange.

Reviewer: "more secure" and "less secure" don't carry much meaning with out more context here. Perhaps we add a summary sentence about what PKCE does?

> OAuth configurations in **Chronograf 1.9+** use [OAuth PKCE](https://oauth.net/2/pkce/)
> integrations for a more secure OAuth token exchange.

Author: ```suggestion
OAuth configurations in **Chronograf 1.9+** use [OAuth PKCE](https://oauth.net/2/pkce/) to
mitigate the threat of having then authorization code intercepted during the OAuth token exchange.
```

OAuth integrations that do no currently support PKCE are not affected.

> **To disable OAuth PKCE** and revert to the previous, less secure token exchange,
> use the [`--oauth-no-pkce` Chronograf configuration option](/chronograf/v1.9/administration/config-options/#--oauth-no-pkce)
> or set the `OAUTH_NO_PCKE` environment variable to `true`.
> {{% /note %}}

Author: ```suggestion
**To disable OAuth PKCE** and revert to the previous token exchange, use the
[`--oauth-no-pkce` Chronograf configuration option](/chronograf/v1.9/administration/config-options/#--oauth-no-pkce)
or set the `OAUTH_NO_PCKE` environment variable to `true`.
{{% /note %}}
```
